
          [
            {
             "imageSrc":"post1.jpg",
             "postTitle":"Nuri Sahin, Jeremy Toljan woeful as Dortmund lose at home to Leipzig",
             "postBody":"A frenetic Bundesliga Topspiel on Saturday night marked the first loss of the season for Borussia Dortmund against RB Leipzig in a highly entertaining 3-2 home defeat. For BVB, an impressive 41-match home unbeaten streak in the league came to an end as they failed the first domestic litmus test against a top-four team. The 81,000 spectators created an electric atmosphere at the Westfalenstadion, while a five-goal thriller unfurled on the field that included two penalties and a sending off a piece, as both Dortmund's Sokratis Papastathopoulos and Leipzig's Stefan Ilsanker were sent to the showers in the second half. Nobody picked up an injury -- for Dortmund, the positives already end there as they come out of Matchday 8 empty-handed. It was very much a statement game for the Ruhr side against an opponent that is brimming with talent. It was the third loss in the third high-profile match of the season after 3-1 defeats against Tottenham and Real Madrid in the Champions League for Dortmund, with a worrying trend coming apparent that the Black and Yellows seem not competitive against top opposition, although for once, the high defensive line was not the issue. The loss is even more painful as Leipzig had two of their best players in Timo Werner and Emil Forsberg unavailable. Bayern Munich, who bounced back with a resounding 5-0 win against Freiburg under newly installed coach Jupp Heynckes, will have gleefully watched as Peter Bosz's side were held at arm's length by Ralph Hasenhuttl's team that had the tactical edge over the hosts. In the title race, it was a big momentum swing in favour of the Bavarian's as Dortmund's five-point advantage shrunk to two points at the top of the table. Bosz's approach seems highly predictable with opponents getting a better feel for how to stifle BVB. With Julian Weigl, Mahmoud Dahoud and Marc Bartra a press-resistant axis was left on the bench and came to haunt Dortmund. The 53-year-old's halftime switch to three-at-the back was punished within minutes.",
             "postCreatedDate":"13th October 2017",
             "postAuthor":"Abhishek Gupta"
            },
            {
              "imageSrc":"post2.jpg",
              "postTitle":"Luis Suarez steps up as Barca draw at Atletico, preserve unbeaten Liga run",
              "postBody":"MADRID -- Luis Suarez saved Barcelona's unbeaten start to the season, but Ernesto Valverde's side saw their seven-game winning run in La Liga come to an end with a 1-1 draw against Atletico Madrid at the Wanda Metropolitano on Saturday. Saul Niguez's superb first-half strike had given Atletico a deserved lead, and for large parts of the night, it looked as if Diego Simeone's side would inflict defeat on Barca for the first time in the league this season. However, Suarez's 82nd-minute header earned a point for the league leaders. Barca are still unbeaten in the league and have a five-point lead over second place, which is now occupied by Real Madrid after they beat Getafe earlier in the day. And while there are still question marks over just how good Valverde's side are, they're showing plenty of resilience. This was the second time this season they've come from behind to earn points. It's also worth highlighting the form and maturity being shown by Marc-Andre ter Stegen and Samuel Umtiti this season. This was another disjointed display until the final 20 minutes and on another day, Barca may well have lost. Despite scoring the winner, Suarez continues to struggle for form, Andre Gomes (who played the whole match) is still not the answer in midfield, and there are legitimate concerns over the team's movement and ability to create space in the final third. That said, they were up against a well-drilled Atletico side away from home in this case. Valverde's decision to play Gomes didn't work out, and while there have been improvements in midfield this season, he still looks reliant on a moment of Lionel Messi magic. That said, once again his substitution helped to change the game, with Sergi Roberto's cross laying on the leveller for Suarez.",
              "postCreatedDate":"11th October 2017",
              "postAuthor":"Shivam Shetty"
            },
            {
              "imageSrc":"post3.jpg",
              "postTitle":"Rooney rescues point but Koeman under pressure after Everton draw",
              "postBody":"Ronald Koeman took a gamble when he signed Wayne Rooney this summer. Rooney just paid him back. The former England captain's 90th minute penalty at Brighton salvaged a point for Everton on what might otherwise have been a disastrous day for the Dutch manager. Goalkeeper Mat Ryan's extraordinary reactions prevented the visitors snatching all three points in injury time when they barely deserved one. This was another underwhelming performance in a season of them. After a summer of unprecedented spending, the Blues find themselves fighting not for the Champions League place they hoped for, but to stay out of the relegation battle they haven't experienced in years. Defeat here might have been the end for Koeman, in spite of owner Farhad Moshiri's vote of confidence early this month. Referee Michael Oliver's decision to award a penalty for what appeared to be an elbow from veteran defender Bruno Saltor allowed Rooney to buy him more time. It was a shame for Bruno, who started the move that led to Brighton's goal with a spot of fancy footwork on the right flank. Anthony Knockaert finished it off, but the assist should go to a lethargic Everton defence that, having dodged a bullet when Michael Keane blocked his third goal bound shot of the afternoon, was too leaden-footed to clear the ball away. But this is par for the course for Everton, whose miserable away record continues. They have only picked up two points on the road this season, and they've won only six from a possible 36 with just eight goals in those 12 games. There has to be improvement soon. The majority of Everton's supporters, who had travelled down in the early hours of Sunday morning for this fixture, stayed for the final whistle to applaud their players, but their reaction to Knockaert's goal was unambiguous. ",
              "postCreatedDate":"6th October 2017",
              "postAuthor":"Shivani Shegal"
            },
            {
              "imageSrc":"post4.jpg",
              "postTitle":"Renatinho grabs late Guangzhou R&F winner; Tianjin Quanjian held",
              "postBody":"Renatinho scored an injury-time winner as Guangzhou R&F beat Henan Jianye a 3-2 to keep their hopes of appearing in next season's Asian Champions League alive. R&F looked to have wrapped up the points when Xiao Zhi and Renatinho gave them a two-goal lead, but Ricardo Vaz Te and Christian Bassogog pulled Henan level with 12 minutes remaining. But Renatinho struck again to secure all three points in the first minute of injury time as Dragan Stojkovic's side stayed within six points of third-placed Hebei CFFC. 'It was a very entertaining match with five goals and we reached our target -- to win,' Stojkovic said. 'Our players played well and we fought until the last second. '. We need to keep pushing our competitors in the rankings and put them under pressure. Every match matters. ' We controlled the game most of the time, and when you have the chance you have to kill the game. If we hadn't scored the final goal, we would have slid down the table. R&F stay in sixth place, just behind Tianjin Quanjian and Shandong Luneng, who drew 0-0 on Saturday but remain in contention for a place in the continental championship with three games left. R&F stay in sixth place, just behind Tianjin Quanjian and Shandong Luneng, who drew 0-0 on Saturday but remain in contention for a place in the continental championship with three games left. At the other end of the table, Tianjin Teda notched up a third win in a row with a 2-1 victory over Shanghai Shenhua, easing their relegation worries. Mbaye Diagne scored late on to move Teda six points clear of 15th-placed Yanbian Funde, who occupy the second of two relegation spots.",
              "postCreatedDate":"5th October 2017",
              "postAuthor":"Pranav Singh"
            },
            {
              "imageSrc":"post5.jpg",
              "postTitle":"Paulo Dybala, Juve wilt under pressure in rare Serie A home defeat to Lazio",
              "postBody":"Juventus hadn't lost at home in Serie A in more than two years, but on Saturday Lazio became the first side in 783 days to inflict home defeat on them, winning 2-1 at the Allianz Stadium. With Miralem Pjanic unavailable and Paulo Dybala benched, Juve opted for a 4-3-3 formation, and it was Douglas Costa who opened the scoring with his first goal for his new club. However, after half-time, Lazio unleashed their potential and played with greater confidence. Playing an opponent susceptible to worrying drops in concentration, Ciro Immobile scored twice in seven minutes to earn Lazio all three points and send Juventus spiraling on a psychological level. Costa's arrival at the club over the summer was heralded as a coup because he boasted talent and great technique, but at Juventus he has struggled to channel his strengths into decisive actions. Scoring his first for the Bianconeri, the Brazilian will feel more confident after his goal, even if he has yet to integrate fully within the Juve style of play. Where to start. The defence is shambolic and the drops in concentration are worrying, but perhaps the most concerning aspect of this Juve side is their lack of fighting power -- their psychological weakness in clawing their way back to the top. In the words of Andrea Barzagli, 'We want to get back to being the steamroller we were in the past.'. Much like in the final of the Champions League when Juventus fell, they struggled to fight back, and conceding two goals in seven minutes is demonstrative of a weak mentality. Massimiliano Allegri must do more with a team easily pushed to its limits and lacking in strength at the back and spark without Dybala.",
              "postCreatedDate":"4th October 2017",
              "postAuthor":"Vikash Kr. Singh"
            }
          ]
